feat(conditions): add exponent operator and expand condition limits (#3683)
nucypher/nucypher: newsfragments/3683.feature.rst

> Added ``toTokenBaseUnits`` operator for condition variable operations (takes ``decimals`` as value to convert token amounts to base units, e.g., ``1.5`` with ``decimals=18`` becomes ``1500000000000000000``), useful for ERC-20 token comparisons, and increased condition limits (``SequentialCondition.MAX_NUM_CONDITIONS`` to 20, ``MAX_MULTI_CONDITION_NESTED_LEVEL`` to 4).

Reviewer: Slight reword and used a different example than decimals=18 since we already have `ethToWei` that does that.

```suggestion
Added ``toTokenBaseUnits`` operator for variable operations, which converts token amounts to base units (e.g., ``1.5`` with ``decimals=6`` becomes ``1500000``), useful for ERC-20 token comparisons. Also increased condition limits (``SequentialCondition.MAX_NUM_CONDITIONS`` to 20 and ``MAX_MULTI_CONDITION_NESTED_LEVEL`` to 4).
```
